[Music]
when I was a young doorman here I
greeted everyone
FDR Truman premier khrushchev all of
them they can't be Ward's beheld here a
total of six times
Oh scandals happy times here senator
Kennedy local to the Ambassador Hotel
Thank You Larry
buses are loading gentlemen Bobby
Kennedy needs to get elected now that
you guys are doing volunteer work not
when you volunteer the work for the
Kennedys it's a full-time crusade I'm
getting complaints that you're not
allowing the kitchen staff to vote today
they're not gonna vote half of them are
illegal they can't vote every day you
can put in the brown man down Edward
that's right let's keep the brown man
down I send the brown man back across
the border we didn't cross the border
the border crossed us you're on stage
and night sharp and you're introducing
senator Kennedy in the embassy ballroom
so sad that woman I used to be such a
fan I'm not sure about this if marrying
you tonight keeps you from going to
Vietnam and it's worth it what is
Kennedy loses we can all forget it now
19 Jimmy on the Vietnam do you dr. King
is gone mama left Oh Bobby
the United States Senator Robert F
Kennedy
Oh
[Music]
our lives on this planet are too short
the work to be done is too great but we
can perhaps remember that those who live
with us are our brothers that they share
with us the same short moment of life
but you never
never gonna bake my face
[Music]